[Music]
get ready for a color test that can tell
your mental age well I'm in trouble a
lot of times your brain feels way
younger or older than you are
that's called mental age do you want to
know yours lucky for you right side put
together a simple test that will help
you figure out if you're a carefree
child an old wise sage or just exactly
as mentally old as you are just answer
our questions write down your points for
every answer add them all up and get
your results but enough talking let's
begin question number one look at this
picture
in your opinion which color is dominant
here you have five options here a B C D
or E if you chose a it's four points the
answer B equals five points if you saw C
as the dominant color it's one point
color D gives you two points
and E means three points question two
here we have five beautiful shades of
pink for you which one do you like the
most if you preferred shade a add three
points shade B leaves you with two
points if your favorite is C you'll get
one point pink shade D equals five
points well for E you have to write down
four points
question three look at this beautiful
photo we have just one question for you
is this picture black and white
[Music]
if you think that it is add five points
if not don't add anything man I hope it
won't start a huge debate like with this
blue and white dress remember then
anyway another question is waiting for
you question for I hope you like sunsets
just like I do
so here's four pictures of a couple of
the most beautiful sunsets ever choose
one of them if the first sunset is so
you add three points if you got too
distracted by the second one you get two
points the beautiful third option gives
you four points and finally sunset
number four leaves you with one point
question five now that we're done with
the shades of pink let's do the same
thing with the shades of blue which one
do you like the most
[Music]
shade a gives you two points
dreamy B equals four points for C write
down three points d stands for five
points and a means yep one point
question six here's the beautiful winter
view which color in this picture did you
see first
white gives you one point option B is
four points if you chose C add five
points D and E mean three and two points
respectively question seven let's make
it a little easier
choose a water color if green a is your
favorite write down two points the LOB
gives you four points pinkie C stands
for five points red D leaves you with
one point original e option equals six
points and blueish F adds three points
to your current number question eight
look at this picture which color here is
the brightest if you chose option A four
points for you B gives you two points
red C is for one point well D gives you
five whole points finally e equals three
points and that was the last question
time to add up all your points by the
way if you want to find out even more
about yourself check out another cool
test right here it will reveal the
deepest truth about your character but
back to our test results are finally
here if you got seven to 12 points
mentally you're just under 20 years old
it doesn't matter what your passport
says you're a carefree teenager at heart
if you're way older than 20
congratulations you've managed to carry
this constant feeling of enthusiasm and
love for life through all these years
keep shining if your result is 13 to 20
points you are 20 to 29 years old you
are active creative and full of life but
you can already call yourself in a
dumped childhood and teenage years are
over but you took the best from them and
left all the unnecessary stuff behind it
doesn't mean that you're not having fun
though your life is just as
as it was if all of your points added up
to 21 to 28 points your mental age is 30
to 39 years you're still active and
curious about new things and ideas but
you're already responsible and
thoughtful if you think about it that's
the perfect balance between the
children's joy for life and adults
independence the golden mean at its best
if your total number of points is 29 to
35 you are 40 to 49 years old you're
mature and experienced and you know
exactly how to live your life you have
no time for nonsense you're determined
and hard-working you know what you want
and how to get it continue to be a true
inspiration for everyone around 36 to 40
points means that your mental age is
over 50 years and that's not a bad thing
at all on the contrary you are wise and
calm you get what life is all about and
you highly appreciate comfort you're the
person everyone goes to for advice plus
you can always be trusted these are some
rare qualities today so your friends
must protect you at all costs so what's
your mentally and how close is it to
your real age tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to hit the
like button and share this video with
all your friends to see what their
mental age is you can even find more
quizzes and other fun and informative
videos on our channel so click Subscribe
and join us on the bright side of life
[Music]